Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh soundtrack can't hear you. Yet we're waiting for sound to come on
Gwenevere Abriel: Online.
Can't hear you just yet, test, test, test, hmm.
Jaime44: I still can't hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh wait, what does that say something
Jaime44: Okay. Can you hear me now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got it now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you have like this huge deductible. Is that what the hang up is
Gwenevere Abriel: Gone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, I think that's fine. I don't think the docs going to have any problem with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because you you are you're tapering you're working the stuff you and I are doing. I'm not, I'm not concerned, are you concerned about it.
Jaime44: No, I think it'll be fine. Yeah, I figured. At this point, I think it is any before
Jaime44: Different. But I think at this point I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me get into a note here for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe even change. I've got it. There's two different databases. I want to change the frequency of of groups to
Okay.
Jaime44: Thank you.
Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can on the dock only wears white. I don't know if you've ever noticed that. And I was like, That's annoying. It's annoying and now I'm like
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I haven't noticed, and I were in a lot too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it goes with everything. And I'm not hung up on you know what after April or May or whatever. I'm not hung up on that etiquette thing so
Jaime44: Oh, they're white after Labor Day thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every day that's
Gwenevere Abriel: What I want
Gwenevere Abriel: Florida, who cares.
Jaime44: Okay, funny that you mentioned that because last year at the end of the year during labor day whenever Labor Day is last year I had, I bought some really cute white capris and so I Googled it likes and you when do not wear white and it said that that's kind of a
Jaime44: Fashion fad of the past so that more people are starting to wear white so
Gwenevere Abriel: I think if that's if that's my biggest fo pop
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be just fine. I have so many bigger issues than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Let me get in here for us. We got a note. Alright. So where am I finding you. What are you in Denver.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you could
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe find an actual address. I always need to know for safety kind of where exactly you are in case there's an emergency if you can read that.
Jaime44: Oh, the address here at the hotel.
Jaime44: Yeah, it is 1975
Jaime44: South Colorado Boulevard.
Jaime44: It's called the lucky into in Denver Cherry Creek.
dokey. Actually, we're doing
Our time today.
Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how's your sleep. How's your energy level. How's your mood, Ben.
Jaime44: Well today I'm exhausted, because I worked all night long. I saw them going to sleep. Yes.
Jaime44: Hey,
Jaime44: I had to retrain the night auditor here and then we finally had a security companies start last night. And so I kind of
Jaime44: The security guards there. It's really hard to find a good security guard when it's a graveyard shift.
Jaime44: Oh, all they want to do a sleep.
Jaime44: They want to get paid to sleep.
Jaime44: Last night I went and changed out of my work clothes and went and sat down in the lobby and jeans and a hoodie and waited for the security guy to come in.
Jaime44: I was just sitting there hanging out in the lobby and he walked in, he introduces himself grabs a radio walk back out to his car and flips the feedback.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get
Jaime44: To go to sleep, just
Jaime44: Like then didn't miss a beat. I WAS JUST BAFFLED I've never seen it happen so fast. Normally, it takes them a couple hours or mid shift, you can catch him sleeping, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. What did you do
Jaime44: I went on there, knocked on his window.
Jaime44: And I said, I'm the General Manager. Um, and I don't appreciate you sleeping when I'm paying you to watch my property right now.
Jaime44: So I did email his boss and let them know that he, I don't want that guy on this post so
Gwenevere Abriel: did he end up getting up and walking around at least
Jaime44: He did. He kept saying, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Jaime44: Yeah.
Jaime44: Things things here have been good.
Jaime44: They're stabilizing
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me see what what in what, how many milligrams you that now are you at the 10
Jaime44: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any sort of withdrawal going on.
Jaime44: No. Nope. We're doing pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to wait another week. What do you want to do.
Jaime44: Yeah.
Jaime44: Okay, so okay well
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's talk about the sessions for just a second, so I can get myself oriented. If we're meeting now. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need medication or you're all set up.
Jaime44: You know, I need medication today.
Jaime44: If I'm not going to group tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. But how would you get it. How would you get it, you
Jaime44: Want that I emailed Dr. Gabriel and member of you and I talked about those last last time and
Jaime44: You were saying it wasn't good for her license and so I emailed her and gave her a heads up about what was going to happen where I was going to be at this day.
Jaime44: And he said that she would go ahead and she said she understood you off, but she said that Glenn are very is correct. But if she does it. Once in a while. It's not going to throw any red flags. So okay, so you said to just make sure I get her the pharmacy address and stuff today. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you'll email for that.
Jaime44: Yeah. All right, let me just
Gwenevere Abriel: Some basically we'll go
Gwenevere Abriel: Next group will be February 18
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you think you'll be back in town, then
Jaime44: I'm not going to be back until the 21st. That sounds familiar.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay, but you'll still attend on the 18th
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And let me just get out of here, go over to slack messaged her
There it is. Alright, cool.
Jamie
Is
Need
Gwenevere Abriel: To next Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will say, Keep an eye out in your email.
Gwenevere Abriel: For
Gwenevere Abriel: Our pharmacy in pharmacy. I'm just gonna say it up.
Jaime44: Yeah, I'm sending that to her right now as you were typing.
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. Also, I'm going to mention
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll say due to
Gwenevere Abriel: Insurance.
Gwenevere Abriel: She will be attending
Gwenevere Abriel: This week,
Gwenevere Abriel: Every other week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go in here.
Jaime44: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trying to see where we left off.
Gwenevere Abriel: We did some work in developing the anchor room. It looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Hi.
Jaime44: It really helps to
Jaime44: Like visualize those things I didn't really realize it be
Jaime44: I didn't really realize it until like this last week when I felt like I was using it more like the whole watch it, you know, visualizing you know what you need to put away visualizing it put going downstream and that kind of stuff. It's just crazy how your mind works like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't it you think it'd be hokey, and then it wouldn't work. Um,
Jaime44: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the very thoughts that are upsetting us because they're attached to this big amygdala emotional reaction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, if we have this other thought it's not attached to a big negative emotion, maybe even a positive one of anticipation of positive outcome. And we can change how we feel pretty neat.
Jaime44: Right, yeah. And when we worked on the
Jaime44: Um, you know, in the anchor room when it was, I don't
Jaime44: Know what I pictured my dad just acknowledging me being molested
Jaime44: Many times I thought about that. This week, and it just
Jaime44: I don't know. I just don't have that ache anymore, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's something just
Weird
Jaime44: Feels good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and so it's almost like just the way you just send it. Um, it seemed a little bit less intense like just even being able to say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and that's that's what this. That's what this CMDR is is for as well, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: To sort of desensitize the this experience. And then, you know, open up this network and have more positive thoughts around a particular image of history, but I've been doing this one long before we were doing the FDR stuff this. I love this is one of my go tues
The Sanger
Jaime44: Interesting. I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, have you used it for, let's say coming across a decision that you need to make and going there, visually, like let's say
Gwenevere Abriel: Something's coming out. Maybe you're going to be talking with your mom or something. But it typically sort of summon up some negative feelings. You can go and imagine that you're solving the problem or working through it in that space. Some people use it literally as a coping skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like okay, I need to do some breath work. I'm going to picture myself I'm doing my breathing in this in this safe the safe room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's my question. Oh, I have a decision between this and this and what do I need, what am I resources.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, they kind of do all that decision making in there. So it's not impulsive and it's something that they're going to feel really good about the decision that they make.
Jaime44: No, I didn't. I guess I didn't, I'm not really sure why, but I didn't really think about using it like that and light hearted situations like that.
Jaime44: But i mean i i'm very I'm struggling
Jaime44: Trying to figure out where to go with my promotion. I don't know where to you know what city to apply what state to apply what to do so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good idea. What a what a published dilemma, though.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what about are you including maybe some of what your, your son wants to are you leaving him there with people is coming with you what to plan.
Jaime44: He's coming with me. Definitely it's. There's just, there's good and bad things like it's it's definitely going to be difficult to move further away from Greg.
Jaime44: And just difficult to start all over. You know, in general, in a different city where you don't know anybody and but at the same time, you know, I'm being promoted to General Manager. This is what I've been fighting to do for so long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you know what, it also makes me think about not that this would make a difference for you but bright hearts treatment isn't in every state.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, um,
Jaime44: And that's important as well. I mean, I, this is a good program. I like this program. So I definitely want to stick with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I when I looked on their website. I look I'll see a state like like Denver. I know they don't have it in Colorado and
Gwenevere Abriel: I know they want to, but the meaning. So, yeah.
Jaime44: I'll look into that. And so actually, it's, I'm glad you brought that up. That's a good starting point. Because, I mean, this right here. I feel like is is truly my lifeline. At this point in my life, I need this. So,
Jaime44: That's very important. I need to look that up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it might. It might just be a tipping point, it might not be the central decision maker, but it might tip the scale, one way or another.
Jaime44: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know they have. I know it's Tennessee. Let me just see.
Jaime44: What about Texas, you know, they're in Texas. That's a good question. I'm going
Gwenevere Abriel: To pull up the website here.
Okay.
We got to change the logo or no.
Texas.
I'm too deep into the portal and this one. I don't have a gentleman home at home a home.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have a couple of states what I'll do. I'm not seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: What I wanted right away and I don't want to waste any more of your time on that. I'm going to just send a message to this gal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who's kind of assigned to me to help. Um, what are some of the states, you'd like you're considering
Jaime44: So it would be pretty much the surrounding surrounding states like Nevada, Arizona, Texas.
Okay.
Jaime44: I kind of want to stay around
Jaime44: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I said, do we have services in two we have
Gwenevere Abriel: Right heart health services in Texas about Arizona, Colorado.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Thank you.
Jaime44: You guys aren't in Colorado.
Gwenevere Abriel: No kidding. But, but it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it's phrases that you, you know, you just wouldn't guess, like, well, maybe they started to have some clinicians there and they they fell away or a particular doctor that they're trying to get on boarded
Gwenevere Abriel: The something with their licensing went sideways with the insurance. I mean, it's so complicated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing to do with it. I found getting my license media conveniently forgotten. But finding getting my new mexico license was was pretty easy. I think it's because Florida is pretty strict so I have a difficult one to get. So then other states are like, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll just kind of grandfather and
Gwenevere Abriel: There wasn't there wasn't too much to do. I didn't think so. Anyway,
Jaime44: So if you want to practice in each state, you have to get a license for every state they practice. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I know, right, because each state has their own laws.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you need to know those those laws. Alright, let's get back into your record here and have you had a chance to sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Communicate with mom.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you didn't want to, or that's just the way the week when
Jaime44: I mean, yeah, she was just the farthest thing from my mind is like, I mean, I do think about my mother because I love her, but like as far as working on our issues are kind of
Jaime44: Having like that heart to heart like the conversation that I want to have with her, it just
Jaime44: Hasn't
Jaime44: I haven't felt that yeah this this week as just haven't
Jaime44: I've been super busy with work works just been
Jaime44: It's just kind of, I feel like it's just crunch time at this point. And I'm trying to get my name out there and do everything I can to be seen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you said you do want to have a conversation with your mom, there's something you kind of want to have one like these big one like let's have a
Radio
Jaime44: And I think, you know,
Jaime44: I think 50% of the conversation. I want it to be about
Jaime44: Things that I feel like like I want her to know that this hurt me. And I want her to know that this was what I wanted, when we, when I grew up, and and and I want that closure to that. And then the other part of me wants to do it because I want her to
Jaime44: I'm hoping that
Jaime44: That me going through counseling and that kind of stuff that motivates her to want her to better herself in that way to
Jaime44: Like my mom had a very shitty childhood. She did. And she's carried this her whole life. She has she needs to go to counseling. She's got to go to talk to somebody, and I think it's still, it's still affecting her at 56
Jaime44: And I just, I love her and I want her to know that counseling. You're not a weak person for going to counseling, but you need that you need it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that one is going to be a little harder. Yeah, right, because she's her own person. She, she may be afraid.
No.
Jaime44: Yeah, people are afraid.
Jaime44: Just everything my mom's I've never seen a woman so emotionally detach this crazy to me.
All right, let's just come down here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have, we are really setup here we've got lots of stuff that distancing metaphor container team got an anchor room put together. We could spend some time doing some some em, Dr. If you'd like, what are you on a tablet laptop. What do you want
Jaime44: On my laptop.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is there is there.
Let's see, how would we get to that network.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what I'll do, I'll look at the notes from inside the anchor room work that you did last time, some of the themes that came up where
Me see where it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, why was I left alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That was something your chair.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to see if there was a any negative thought about
Gwenevere Abriel: Why was I left alone didn't know and
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, Jamie. When you think of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That time in your life. Like, why was, you know, why was I left alone and and i don't know what the imagery was for you because you don't have to share it to you these exercises.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the predominant belief about yourself at that time in your life.
Jaime44: I didn't. They didn't matter that nobody cared enough. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just as you said that. Where did that land in your body just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your gut in my chest chess yes yeah that's that's a key spot chest. Yeah, I don't matter. That's a big one. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And right now, how stressed. Are you from them. Let's say zero to
Jaime44: 100 I'd say probably three or four, I thought that a little bit, but not I wouldn't say it's too severe, but I did feel that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and what age was that image just now.
Jaime44: I'm for it was, I had to been four or five real there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in the chest. That's a physical sensation was it tight.
Jaime44: So,
Jaime44: Just at like it. You can go back, take that first party. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what what do we label the emotion. You're at about 30 in distress and what emotion. Are you feeling right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might not be a strong, it might, but it's okay why things don't have to be at 100 they can be. But you check in with the body want to go there and say okay well you know what's going on in here with the with the ache and you went from chest to heart ache.
And thought
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I thought. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we can do a little bit of work with this this morning, if you like.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you can think about
Gwenevere Abriel: So we can do some some desensitisation with it. Yeah. And what would the, what would be the positive thought that she would have liked to have had with that image.
Jaime44: That I would say that I was protected. Yeah.
Jaime44: I'd say that my parents did care about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I am cared for.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for a moment, sort of be present with this imagery of the team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your dad and safety with with grey and just how they have that quality about them. You know what I mean. You have that consciousness and your grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a nurturing figure and you as a mom, your ability to you know be listened to and guide you
Gwenevere Abriel: And also your ability to you know you deeply know how much you love your son, right, that no matter what, no matter what you love them sort of be present with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then bring also this awareness with your dad, who's not only this protective figure but also he's wise to just be present with that for a moment. You can close your eyes and just just sort of melt with those qualities
Gwenevere Abriel: See them interacting. Maybe you're there, maybe, maybe you are those qualities, at times, and other times maybe their bodies in someone else and just sort of get a visual
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you have that imagery just kind of scan your body and kind of bring bring awareness from the toes up
Gwenevere Abriel: Heels and calves and knees.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thighs
Gwenevere Abriel: Your seat volans as it meets the support of a chair in this bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: The back
Gwenevere Abriel: The hands and ours.
Gwenevere Abriel: And having it move up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm scanning into the guts, right, the gut and the chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Paying attention there. That's where there was a register earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: shoulders, neck,
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are the john
Gwenevere Abriel: cheekbones inside your sockets inside the eyes and
Gwenevere Abriel: The forehead.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the top of your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just get a sense of how you're feeling in your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: This morning, maybe we can bring in some of the positive thoughts with that imagery and see, see what comes up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you're ready, I think we'll, we'll do some of this bilateral
Gwenevere Abriel: Late back and forth. I think I've got a good study here.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's what I want you to do is pull up that most intense negative image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perhaps at age four and
Gwenevere Abriel: Really starting to bring in. Let's see what happens with this bringing in a positive cognition of ultimately
Gwenevere Abriel: I am protected and I am safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're ready, open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to bring in the positive cognition.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tried to hold that WORST piece in this positive cognition, at the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale, a nice big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be with that gentle quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you notice
Jaime44: Your positive today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jaime44: I feel
Jaime44: Like as I'm, I'm, I'm thinking of those moments of being molested, but I'm also
Jaime44: Like I you know I'm picturing
Jaime44: You know,
Jaime44: Like my dad and Greg. And my grandma there and it just feels safer. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to the body to okay did, what are you noticing there.
Jaime44: Well, I noticed you know as soon as
Jaime44: I started watching the light you're told me to sit with that negative and the positive
Jaime44: I felt my body tense, a little bit more animals. It was like almost like a light butterflies in my stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go with that with those slight butterflies, and do you feel them right now.
Jaime44: Not at this moment, I did back then so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's continue to bring in those positive images and light butterflies with that image.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am safe protected and cared for.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's breathe in together nice big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhaling and then releasing
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Just gently just turning to what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you observing and yourself.
Jaime44: feel really relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the images of your team still present. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how true from from one to seven is I am safe protected and cared for.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seven.
Jaime44: started tearing out but it's like happy tears.
It's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Jamie, you are safe now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are protected. You are cared for.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that negative image that WORST piece and it's true. I'm safe protected and cared for.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together. Nice. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then
Exhaling letting go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just this quiet nice rhythm of awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Comes up
Jaime44: Feel comfortable
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like
Gwenevere Abriel: And and how how true is it your unsafe and you don't matter.
Jaime44: At all.
Gwenevere Abriel: So from like one to 10 what number is it down near
Jaime44: 101 you know
Gwenevere Abriel: And what are you noticing about that that imagery that that worst event. What are you noticing about that.
Jaime44: It almost
Jaime44: Like not as clear, I guess, I guess. Seems a little bit more distant. It's really weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So we're going to go with that. I like that. Let's do that. It's Justin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Asked
Just
Gwenevere Abriel: And be with this feeling of truth in safety protected and cared for and I think we'll do this one last time here.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's Justin.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm safe and protected and cared for.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: turning inward to the body to the mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: changes and shifts that you observe
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you.
Jaime44: Feel like the first thing that comes to mind is just lighter lighter lighter
Gwenevere Abriel: And that that imagery from the past.
Jaime44: It's really weird, but I really like it's almost like there's an echo in my imagery like it feels distant. I don't know how to explain that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a great way
Gwenevere Abriel: There's almost like this sound barrier, there's this distance almost the sound represented with that distance in an echo
Jaime44: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's um we got a little bit of a late start, so let's process a little bit what you noticed about today, what was important for you.
Jaime44: Just the feeling of
Jaime44: Like putting my 18 bear with me. Just how much it makes me feel safe and I didn't really realize how how much
Jaime44: I needed to feel safe.
Jaime44: Oh yeah, I didn't realize that that was what I wanted.
Jaime44: As much as what I'm telling you, like, I feel like I said that to 1000 times this session.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, but that's that's what the unmet need was and it sounds like you're able to feel it now and now
Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're getting some distance
Gwenevere Abriel: That imagery that was the past
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you can be present in this body and pick do a little scan just sort of be aware
Gwenevere Abriel: How you know when you if you were to check. Okay. Well, is that true, what is my body is it on the same page with my mind seemed like everything's on the same page with relaxed body relaxed mind I'm safe. This seemed like everybody's on the same page.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just because you're communicators your chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the heart.
Jaime44: feels happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where do you remember even having I don't matter. Come in, or is it kind of part of the past as well.
Jaime44: Yeah, I don't know, and even
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not even nearby. Okay.
Jaime44: Thanks. Have a good session on this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty neat stuff isn't it.
Jaime44: Works. It's our minds just fascinating.
Jaime44: Now,
Jaime44: Amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm going to write down. I've got written down. I wrote in my some old school agenda person here. I wrote down that I'm going to see in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the 18th and then for our individual won't be done, it will be all the way at February 24 if something comes up and you need to really see me just, just let me know, okay, okay. I am on the 24 now it's not going to mess with your travel day though.
Jaime44: Or the 24th.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you'll know
Jaime44: I'll be on the 21st. That's right. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any anything negative sort of still floating in the air, or you've got that happy relaxed space right now.
Jaime44: Or you feel like we're in a good spot.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you get to even though maybe don't have a lot of hours of sleep you're happy and in a relaxed body. I bet your brain is going to still be functioning pretty well.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Anything more for me.
Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will see you in a little bit, it'll be a little bit but I if you anything comes up through dreams or maybe there is a shift in in emotions or something just reach out to me. Okay.
Jaime44: Okay, thank you. I appreciate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you soon.
Bye.